Added docs for Activity flow (#2735)
google/android-fhir: docs/use/WFL/Demo-app.md

# Demo App

> To demonstrate the capabilities of the Activity Flow api, we have created the *Workflow Demo* app. The app has a Patient card in the top showing the details and a carousel in the bottom with each card representing a particular phase of the activity flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Workflow Demo* app demonstrates the capabilities of the Activity Flow API. The app has a Patient card in the top showing the details and a carousel in the bottom with each card representing a particular phase of the activity flow.
```

optionally: The *Workflow Demo* app demonstrates the capabilities of CarePlan Generation API and the Activity Flow API.

Author: done

To run this app in Android Studio, [create a run/debug configuration](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/rundebugconfig) for the `workflow_demo` module using the [Android App](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/rundebugconfig#android-application) template and run the app using the configuration.

Alternatively, run the following command to build and install the debug APK on your device/emulator:

```shell
./gradlew :workflow_demo:installDebug
```

> ## Steps

Reviewer: instructions?

Author: done

> 1. Click on the Initialize button to install the required dependencies for an activity flow. The dependencies are already bundled in the assets folder of the workflow demo app. After the dependencies are successfully installed, Start Button becomes enabled in the Proposal card.

Reviewer: not sure what the best formatting is, but feels neater to either have the Intialize and Start text in quotes, or italic, or bold - can you check android dev documentation and try to be consistent (or pick one).

Author: Done. Phase - Italic ; Action text - Bold

> 2. Now, click on the Start to generate a CarePlan which intern has a Proposal Resource. This resource is then used by the app to create a new Activity Flow and the Proposal card now shows the details of the resource with the Start button disabled now. The carousel auto moves to the next Phase Card i.e. Plan.

Reviewer: i woudl put the phase names in italic

Author: done

> 3. Follow the same step as above [2.] to move to the next phases.

Reviewer: Repeat step 2 to move forward through the phases.

Author: done

> 4. To restart the Activity click Restart Flow that removes all the resources related to the flow and moves the app back to step [2.].

Reviewer: don't use [] if it doesn't link

Author: removed

5. The overflow menu on the action bar may be used to switch between various Activities supported in the demo app.

> [!Video](workflow_demo_app.mp4)

Reviewer: a gif might be a lightweight way to do this if video links are problematic

Author: done
